hello to all here revo is welcome
today for this new video
on gta 5 online then today the
friends i will deliver you all the
information about the dlc ait life
patch 1.2 this video will allow you
therefore not to be trained during his
out and be aware of all
the news
let's talk about exactly this dlc which
does not have a specific release date yet
would be expected either for May 13
be raised but either to finish for
May 27th so I confess that to be called
wide but these dates come from
different specialized sites on gta 5
while they believe for the moment I
do not know in large accounts and assets the
dlc have live in the course of the month of
may now turn to information
if you want
and let's start first with
features so there will be in the
dlc iplay new features
like that particular that will allow us
to be able to customize your apartments
as you can see on this
image the presence of terms
customization creator still have dead
symbol tells us that it will be
so possible to be able to create and
buy new objects here
besides the image of the creator
apartment
in any case if it can allow us
to be able to shape our interior to
our image admit that it still
will be huge
now chaining with the
apartments and garages because yes there
will also have some nice new things to
plan first of all know that in the
dlc has live it will be possible to
have two properties at the same time
and of course who says two properties says
necessarily guard a very beautiful
innovation so on that side so for
the apartments
the cid rockstar himself confirmed us
the presence of new apartments
high-end and four images we are
even upstarts so you can
currently discover them on the screen
for garages and be aware that you
will have the opportunity to drive
of a garage vehicle to another
so of the apartment another and if
you bring them into your new
garage they will be stowed in a certain
number
finally last novelty when you
call your mechanic you have to
first choose the guy is concerned and
then the vehicle you want
so here are the friends every
information on this dlc night live
I really hope this video has you
more if it is the case do not hesitate to you
talk about blue cup gems of thumb
green do not hesitate to comment
1 why not bring new
information do not hesitate also to the
share
and finally I urge you to
to join me on facebook and on
twitter
because very heavy is waiting for you
here on this kind says no more I you
leave to the next